Docs: make friendly (#4511)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Templating/Modelsbuilder/Builder-Modes-v7.md

With **PureLive** models, models are generated and compiled on the fly, in memory, at runtime. They are available in views exclusively. This is for people who exclusively use the Umbraco backoffice, and probably do not write custom code such as controllers anyway. Whenever a content type is modified, models are updated without restarting Umbraco (in the same way .cshtml views are recompiled).

> If the `~/App_Data/Models` directory contains any non-generated C# files (that is `*.cs` but not `*.generated.cs`), Models Builder parses these files for instructions, and includes them in the compilation (see [documentation for configuring and extending models](Control-Generation-v7.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `~/App_Data/Models` directory contains any non-generated C# files (that is `*.cs` but not `*.generated.cs`), Models Builder parses these files for instructions. It will also include them in the compilation (see [documentation for configuring and extending models](Control-Generation-v7.md)).
```

With **Dll** models, models are generated in the `~/App_Data/Models` directory, then compiled into a Dll that is copied into `~/bin`, thus restarting the application. Models must be generated explicitly from the dashboard or the content type editor.

> If the `~/App_Data/Models` directory contains any non-generated C# files (that is `*.cs` but not `*.generated.cs`), Models Builder parses these files for instructions, and includes them in the compilation (see [documentation for configuring and extending models](Control-Generation-v7.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `~/App_Data/Models` directory contains any non-generated C# files (that is `*.cs` but not `*.generated.cs`), Models Builder parses these files for instructions. It will also include them in the compilation (see [documentation for configuring and extending models](Control-Generation-v7.md)).
```

With **AppData** models, models are generated in the `~/App_Data/Models` directory, and that is all. It is then up to you to decide how to compile the models (e.g. by including them in a Visual Studio solution).

> If the `~/App_Data/Models` directory contains any non-generated C# files (that is `*.cs` but not `*.generated.cs`), Models Builder parses these files for instructions (see [documentation for configuring and extending models](Control-Generation-v7.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `~/App_Data/Models` directory contains any non-generated C# files (that is `*.cs` but not `*.generated.cs`), Models Builder parses these files for instructions. It will also include them in the compilation (see [documentation for configuring and extending models](Control-Generation-v7.md)).
```

The files you'll now find under the `UmbracoModels.mb` container file are the generated models. They are automatically added to the Visual Studio project and will be compiled alongside the rest of your project. Anytime you need to refresh the models you can run the **Build models** action again.

> If there are some non-generated C# files (that is `*.cs` but not `*.generated.cs`) in the folder, Models Builder will parse them for instructions (see [documentation for configuring and extending models](Control-Generation-v7.md)) and Visual Studio will compile them too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `~/App_Data/Models` directory contains any non-generated C# files (that is `*.cs` but not `*.generated.cs`), Models Builder parses these files for instructions. It will also include them in the compilation (see [documentation for configuring and extending models](Control-Generation-v7.md)).
```
